README.md, before:

# Team HUST-China 2025 Wiki

The main language used to write wikis in this repository is `Markdown`.

This repository **MUST** contain all coding assets to generate your team's wiki
(HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, etc).

Images, photos, icons and fonts **MUST** be stored on `static.igem.wiki` using
[tools.igem.org](https://tools.igem.org), and Videos **must** be embedded from
[iGEM Video Universe](https://video.igem.org).

For up-to-date requirements, resources, help and guidance, visit
[competition.igem.org/deliverables/team-wiki](https://competition.igem.org/deliverables/team-wiki).

## Getting started

You should probably only edit the files inside folders `static`, `wiki` and
`docs`.

1. Open the Web IDE
2. Make the changes on the files you wish:
   - For the menu, change the file [menu.html](wiki/menu.html)
   - For the layout, change the file [base.html](wiki/base.html)
   - For the pages, change the corresponding file in the foler [docs](docs)
3. Review the changes you made
4. Once you are done, save the changes by **committing** them to the _main
   branch_ of the repository
5. An automated script will build, test and deploy your wiki, which should take
   less than 30 seconds.

## About this Template

### Files

The static assets are in the `static` directory. The layout and templates are in
the `wiki` directory, and the pages live in the `docs` directory. Unless you are
an experienced and/or adventurous human, you probably shouldn't change other
files.

    |__ docs/               -> Documentation files
        |__ *.md            -> Markdown files with the content of your wiki
    |__ static/             -> static assets (CSS and JavaScript files only)
    |__ wiki/               -> Main directory for the pages and layouts
        |__ base.html       -> Main layout of your wiki. All the pages will follow its structure
        |__ footer.html     -> Footer that will appear in all the pages
        |__ menu.html       -> Menu that will appear in all the pages
    |__ .gitignore          -> Tells GitLab which files/directories should not be uploaded to the repository
    |__ .gitlab-ci.yml      -> Automated flow for building, testing and deploying your website.
    |__ .prettierignore     -> (Optional) Tells Prettier which files/directories should not be formatted
    |__ .prettierrc.json    -> (Optional) Prettier configuration file
    |__ LICENSE             -> License CC-by-4.0, all wikis are required to have this license - DO NOT MODIFY
    |__ README.md           -> File containing the text you are reading right now
    |__ app.py              -> Python code managing your wiki
    |__ dependencies.txt    -> Software dependencies from the Python code
    |__ package-lock.json   -> (Optional) Lockfile that captures the exact versions of packages and their dependencies
    |__ package.json        -> (Optional) NPM dependencies for formatting the code

### Technologies

- [GitLab Pages](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/pages/)
- [Python](https://www.python.org): Programming language
- [Flask](https://palletsprojects.com/p/flask/): Python framework
- [Fronzen-Flask](https://pythonhosted.org/Frozen-Flask): Library that builds
  the wiki to be deployed as a static website
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components): CSS and JS
  components used
- [Pypandoc](https://pypi.org/project/pypandoc-binary): Library that converts
  markdown files to HTML
- (Optional) [Node.js](https://nodejs.org): JavaScript runtime
- (Optional) [Prettier](https://prettier.io): Code formatter

### Building locally (advanced users)

To work locally with this project, follow the steps below:

#### Install

```bash
git clone https://gitlab.igem.org/2025/hust-china.git
cd hust-china
python3 -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate # on Linux, MacOS; or
. venv\Scripts\activate # on Windows
pip install -r dependencies.txt
```

#### Execute

```bash
python app.py
```

---

## More information

To be continued...

Commit message:

docs: update README to advise against direct pushes to main branch

README.md, after:

# Team HUST-China 2025 Wiki

The main language used to write wikis in this repository is `Markdown`.

This repository **MUST** contain all coding assets to generate your team's wiki
(HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, etc).

Images, photos, icons and fonts **MUST** be stored on `static.igem.wiki` using
[tools.igem.org](https://tools.igem.org), and Videos **must** be embedded from
[iGEM Video Universe](https://video.igem.org).

For up-to-date requirements, resources, help and guidance, visit
[competition.igem.org/deliverables/team-wiki](https://competition.igem.org/deliverables/team-wiki).

## Getting started

You should probably only edit the files inside folders `static`, `wiki` and
`docs`.

1. Open the Web IDE
2. Make the changes on the files you wish:
   - For the menu, change the file [menu.html](wiki/menu.html)
   - For the layout, change the file [base.html](wiki/base.html)
   - For the pages, change the corresponding file in the foler [docs](docs)
3. Review the changes you made
4. Once you are done, save the changes by **committing** them to the _main
   branch_ of the repository
5. An automated script will build, test and deploy your wiki, which should take
   less than 30 seconds.

## About this Template

### Files

The static assets are in the `static` directory. The layout and templates are in
the `wiki` directory, and the pages live in the `docs` directory. Unless you are
an experienced and/or adventurous human, you probably shouldn't change other
files.

    |__ docs/               -> Documentation files
        |__ *.md            -> Markdown files with the content of your wiki
    |__ static/             -> static assets (CSS and JavaScript files only)
    |__ wiki/               -> Main directory for the pages and layouts
        |__ base.html       -> Main layout of your wiki. All the pages will follow its structure
        |__ footer.html     -> Footer that will appear in all the pages
        |__ menu.html       -> Menu that will appear in all the pages
    |__ .gitignore          -> Tells GitLab which files/directories should not be uploaded to the repository
    |__ .gitlab-ci.yml      -> Automated flow for building, testing and deploying your website.
    |__ .prettierignore     -> (Optional) Tells Prettier which files/directories should not be formatted
    |__ .prettierrc.json    -> (Optional) Prettier configuration file
    |__ LICENSE             -> License CC-by-4.0, all wikis are required to have this license - DO NOT MODIFY
    |__ README.md           -> File containing the text you are reading right now
    |__ app.py              -> Python code managing your wiki
    |__ dependencies.txt    -> Software dependencies from the Python code
    |__ package-lock.json   -> (Optional) Lockfile that captures the exact versions of packages and their dependencies
    |__ package.json        -> (Optional) NPM dependencies for formatting the code

### Technologies

- [GitLab Pages](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/pages/)
- [Python](https://www.python.org): Programming language
- [Flask](https://palletsprojects.com/p/flask/): Python framework
- [Fronzen-Flask](https://pythonhosted.org/Frozen-Flask): Library that builds
  the wiki to be deployed as a static website
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components): CSS and JS
  components used
- [Pypandoc](https://pypi.org/project/pypandoc-binary): Library that converts
  markdown files to HTML
- (Optional) [Node.js](https://nodejs.org): JavaScript runtime
- (Optional) [Prettier](https://prettier.io): Code formatter

### Building locally (advanced users)

To work locally with this project, follow the steps below:

#### Install

```bash
git clone https://gitlab.igem.org/2025/hust-china.git
cd hust-china
python3 -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate # on Linux, MacOS; or
. venv\Scripts\activate # on Windows
pip install -r dependencies.txt
```

#### Execute

```bash
python app.py
```

---

## More information

Don't push to the `main` branch directly, use a merge request instead.
